this is the Prudential halftime report
come to the companies of the Prudential
and build your future on the rock
welcome back to halftime and it's Boston
53 Chicago 47 Larry Bird was 14 points
in the first half and Scottie Pippen
with 12 but the story of the first half
so far Michael Jordan just three out of
11 and one of the things we want to talk
about and show you something about the
Chicago Bulls and Michael Jordan and
players like him is that in this league
you've got to have players that have
special ability that can break a defense
down and get inside the paint and kick
the open shooters now John Paxson at 54%
for the Bulls lives off of a guy like
Michael Jordan we want to go to some
videotape right here and we're going to
take a look at Michael Jordan taking the
ball to the basket constantly looking to
get inside and because he's such a great
player he always attracts a lot of
defense right there Johnny Paxson at 54%
kicks it hits it wide open jumper they
live off of that also the Boston Celtics
the team that has the same kind of
players Larry Bird especially as a guy
that can create a big part of the game
in something you're going to probably
see a lot more in the second half
driving and kick now we've got to call a
timeout right now but when we come back
it's a very candid conversation that you
don't want to miss with charles barkley
one of the most outrageous superstars in
the NBA
welcome back to the Prudential halftime
report Charles Barkley was at the top of
the NBA news last week but it had
nothing to do with his play in the
aftermath of tuesday's spitting incident
i sat down with childs yesterday to
discuss the latest chapter of his
controversial career Charles Barkley is
not a stranger to controversy in his
seven-year career he has been at the
center of numerous incidents involving
players officials and fans
undoubtedly Berkeley is one of the
game's great players but he seems to be
in the headlines for all the wrong
reasons most recently he was reprimanded
for spitting into a crowd spraying an
8-year old girl
this actual one game suspension and a
$10,000 fine
and yesterday he was willing to speak
about it publicly for the first time
since his return
sometimes things I do obviously are
wrong there's this for it's a spitting
incident that was totally wrong just
just a stupid thing I did
but but for the record I didn't spit
into the crowd I did not spit into the
crowd I I don't know in my heart if I
spit and if it got on a little girl just
I know I think very few people know I
did not spit into the crowd just like
God just lifted my head to spit into the
crowd
regards what have I apologized to her
and hear about it was just a stupid
thing to do
Charles your person who claims you don't
like excuses
isn't that an excuse no no because I
think that is I have a snap that
somebody I can't there's not like I
killed somebody or beat him to a pulp in
the heat of the moment I tried to spit
on the floor
and it accidentally got on somebody it
was wrong for me to spit it's not excuse
it just effective you know nobody is
like me and I'm like nobody else I mean
everybody handle situations differently
I'm an emotional person I play with
emotion when a fan spend $75 for a seat
do you think he deserves that kind of
abuse well they paid in money can do
whatever they want to no that's not
right
that's not fair to me as a person I
don't think of the guy pays $35 for a
ticket he can call me every name of the
book that's not right
and he can't tear me that's right just
like if they complain that I curse and
use abusive language they should throw
the fans out the game certain fans come
down for one separate reason
just just an irrational rescue and I
don't think that's right and I don't
think it's right but NBA is sit up there
in their offices and see what it's
alright longer they're paying their
money you don't believe you're a role
model do you
I don't think professional athletes be
role models I think parents would be
role models I think that I have an
ability to run and dunk a basketball but
they're the million guys that come
running out basketballs who are in jail
or so and I think that yeah I have a
robot I think parents would be role
model
if I do something wrong but if I'm a
role model that's fine but if I do
something wrong I hope the parents are
intelligent enough until the kids
Charleston Rome okay you're a parent
you've got a two-year-old daughter what
would you do and how would you feel if
your daughter was spit on well uh uh
obviously I will be mad I feel like the
people had a right to be mad and I have
no problem with that
who were your role models it was there
any one person that you sort of was a
mentor for Charles that taught my mother
and grandmother
I think they what do they have to say
about this incident or did you talk to
him well I called him immediately
because you know my family friends they
you know they were there I needed them
they were there they were like first day
they said we love you
second thing you were dead wrong and my
mother and grandmother I mean they don't
they don't sit around and tell me I'm
right if I'm wrong what the first things
that we love you you're just wrong but
life will go on okay you've had a lot of
incidents but well this one make it
change I know in my heart this is
definitely affected me more than thing
as ever affected me but as NVA say you
can't let some somebody disturb you like
that in the heat of the moment again and
I have to change that out of attitude we
know how a lot of people perceive you
but how do you perceive yourself you
have to make a decision with yourself
because if you ever lose perspective on
yourself you have nothing it doesn't
have that matter how big my house is
doesn't how much money I have how many's
car
how many cars I have that stuff doesn't
matter the most important thing is what
you see is when you think about yourself
and I Know Who I am I know what I am I
made a stupid mistake but I can't put
myself in a situation Y just like for
the rest of my life take back every
truth I've ever said or take back
everything I've ever done that's not
fair to me as a person and what cuz once
you lose your person you might as well
be dead because the only thing you have
the only thing you have is your soul and
I know in my soul I hurt but it's hard
and I feel bad for myself I feel bad for
my family
I feel bad for my close friend but
that's it you know because of a person
dislike me if there's one incident they
didn't like me in the first place
well Charles Barkley is a player who was
born of special stuff there's no doubt
about that he has an abundance of
athletic gifts and skills that make him
unique to this profession his greatness
as a player is obvious but is sometimes
crude and outlandish behavior over
shatters that greatness emotional
stability is a characteristic of a
champion and until Charles harness is
that part of this personality will
continue to embarrass him and everybody
around him he will continue to be only
one step removed from true greatness
here's hoping we don't need to hear
another apology from Charles Barkley and
here's a guy of hopes he sees he
achieves one thing that he wants in his
life well we're gonna be back in the
second half after these messages
5347 Boston after word to these local
stations